variabel ingangsniveau: voorkennis toets.
Colleges in kennisclips i.p.v. een groot college? Onderdeel van zelfstudie dag van te voren…
Indien hoofdvraag en kennisclips succesvol, dan is begin flowchart huiswerk voor het begin van het college.
Bonusopgave voor de snelle leerlingen. 
Latere iteraties van de cursus (na de grote uitbreiding volgend collegejaar) kunnen voordeel opdoen van interviews
Begripsvragen tijdens het practicum in een apart document wat ik kan scoren.

#todo find the sequencing data online as a first excersise. 

Notities
Prior knowledge // instroomniveau
Primers shared among students
ingangstoets match skilled and not so skilled in pairs.
--> Breaking up existing groups counter-productive?
Organise knowledge
Have students reconstruct their own workflow before starting. Ensuring they have understood and processed the bigger picture
Further compartmentalise diff skills and integration.
Feedback
¿Create a separate document with answers to questions that I'll check? Questions must be directed to the bigger picture
¿Check their code?
Daily feedback sessions at start of class
Organisational
always one teacher in the kruyt or elsewhere responsible for the room.
slower pace, more days. But what about the excelling students?
--> Bigger data set of more assemblies... Shared genes // taxa
Heel lang college als modules in de e-learning
Vooraf een quiz om ingangsniveau te peilen.
conceptmapping
separate structure for
-information workflow
-tools & tool categories
-biological information
knowledge structures
Other loose ideas
Close with exercises drawing new workflows
Explain in words how a bash command looks, and then have them draw it.
Graph theory exam question -> draw
rRNA // shared genes question
have abundance information in the checkm report
Goals and matching organisational structures
Understand bash command line and become sufficiently skilled to find tools and their workings on your own.
-- This deserves it's own little knowledge graph which can be partially applied to the bigger workflow graph. 'Tool relations' vs 'flow relations' vs 'biological relations'
Understand and adapt the bigger picture, the workflow in which these cml tools are compositional elements.
-- checkmark individual steps in their own created flowcharts
Relate computed results to biological reality, informatics technology vs bio-informatics
Re-evaluating the knowledge
Construct a workflow plan to compare metagenomes.
Uitgewerkt voorbeeld voor (zeer) moeilijke vraag. Student beargumenteert de antwoorden voor de vragen.
Facilities
Studio Voor kennis clips en reverse 'whiteboard'
Grote zaal met (sta)tafels en meerdere schermen en camera's
Onderzoeksvraag
smart
a.d.h.v. taxonomie van bloom



